Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/features/authentication-and-access-control/scim/enabling-scim-provisioning.md

---

> description: Enable SCIM provisioning in Dagster+ with a Pro plan and supported IdP,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Enable SCIM provisioning in Dagster+ with a Pro plan and supported identity provider (Okta or Microsoft Entra ID) to manage access to your Dagster+ deployment.
```

>   including Okta and Azure AD, to configure SSO and manage user access efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
